Update contributing docs (#8939)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/contributing/approach/sdk-docs/common_content.mdx

  - /contributing/approach/common_content/
---

Our docs strive for a contributor-friendly balance of duplication vs. complexity. That means we generally don't try to share content between SDKs in our docs, even when they have similar information architecture, sections, and even wording.
Instead of enforcing consistency through shared content, we encourage contributors to reference other SDK docs to keep things consistent wherever possible.

> For SDKs that have framework-specific docs (which we call guides or children), common content for that SDK it's frameworks lives in `/docs/platforms/<platform_name>/common/`.

Author: ```suggestion
For SDKs that have framework-specific docs (which we call guides or children), common content for that SDK's frameworks lives in `/docs/platforms/<platform_name>/common/`.
```

## Hierarchy

What displays for the user relies upon the hierarchy of content as detailed in our content discussing [Platform Portals](/contributing/platforms/). In short, a guide's content displays if provided. If not provided, then the platform content displays.

## Tuning Common Content

> To ensure that common content can scale as we support more platforms and frameworks, we use `include` files. These files can range from, most typically, a code sample specific to a platform or framework to information that augments the core content for a specific platform or framework. These platform-specific `include` files live in [`src/plaftorm-includes/`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/tree/master/src/platform-includes). We also have [platform-agnostic `include` files](/contributing/approach/product-docs/write-index/#includes) which are discussed in our product docs.

Author: ```suggestion
To ensure that common content can scale as we support more platforms and frameworks, we use `include` files. These files can range from, most typically, a code sample specific to a platform or framework to information that augments the core content for a specific platform or framework. These platform-specific `include` files live in [`plaftorm-includes/`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/tree/master/platform-includes). We also have [platform-agnostic `include` files](/contributing/approach/product-docs/write-index/#includes) which are discussed in our product docs.
```
